Add information about reserved keywords (#1050)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/components/data-connectors/mssql.md

+----------+
```

> This value cannot be any of the following keywords that are reserved by Microsoft SQL Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset name cannot be any of the following keywords that are reserved by Microsoft SQL Server:
```
